docs: update the documentation for external rgw servers (#12204)
rook/rook: Documentation/Storage-Configuration/Object-Storage-RGW/object-storage.md

### Connect to an External Object Store

> Rook can connect to existing RGW gateways to work in conjunction with the external mode of the `CephCluster` CRD. First, create a `rgw-admin-ops-user` user in the Ceph cluster with the following command assigning following caps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rook can connect to existing RGW gateways to work in conjunction with the external mode of the `CephCluster` CRD. First, create a `rgw-admin-ops-user` user in the Ceph cluster with the necessary caps:
```

> Rook can connect to existing RGW gateways to work in conjunction with the external mode of the `CephCluster` CRD. First you need to create a `rgw-admin-ops-user` user in the Ceph cluster with the following command assigning following caps:

Reviewer: We are updating rook docs to avoid terms like "you need to", or "you should". The docs should be direct.
```suggestion
Rook can connect to existing RGW gateways to work in conjunction with the external mode of the `CephCluster` CRD. First, create a `rgw-admin-ops-user` user in the Ceph cluster with the following command assigning following caps:
```

      - ip: 192.168.39.182
```

> You can use the existing `object-external.yaml` file. Even though multiple endpoints can be specified, it is recommend to use only one endpoint. This endpoint is randomly added to `configmap` of OBC and secret of the `cephobjectstoreuser`. Rook never guarnatees the randomly picked endpoint is a working one or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the existing `object-external.yaml` file. Even though multiple endpoints can be specified, it is recommend to use only one endpoint. This endpoint is randomly added to `configmap` of OBC and secret of the `cephobjectstoreuser`. Rook never guarantees the randomly picked endpoint is a working one or not.
```

If there are multiple endpoints, please add load balancer in front of them and use the load balancer endpoint in the `externalRgwEndpoints` list.

> When ready the ceph-object-controller will output a message in the operator log similar to this one:

Reviewer: There is no status other than grep'ing the operator log? It's preferred we don't refer them to the logs unless they're troubleshooting.

Author: User can check the object store status and see it's connected or not. This doc was bit old

      - ip: 192.168.39.182
```

> You can use the existing `object-external.yaml` file. Even though multiple endpoints can be specified, but it is recommend to use only one endpoint.

Reviewer 2: here the SC for rgw?

Author: Nope in the `object-external.yaml`. Similar to internal multiple RGW instances can point to same set of pools

If there are multiple endpoints, please add load balancer in front of them and use the load balancer endpoint in the `externalRgwEndpoints` list.

```console
When ready the ceph-object-controller will output a message in the Operator log similar to this one:

```console

> ceph-object-controller: ceph object store gateway service >running at 10.100.28.138:8080

Reviewer 3: Will the external RGW address be put into the OBC configmap?

Author: Yes, if there are multiple then it will be randomly assigned. It was fixed in https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/11202

      - ip: 192.168.39.182
```

> Use the existing `object-external.yaml` file. Even though multiple endpoints can be specified, it is recommend to use only one endpoint. This endpoint is randomly added to `configmap` of OBC and secret of the `cephobjectstoreuser`. Rook never guarantees the randomly picked endpoint is a working one or not.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Use the existing `object-external.yaml` file. The first working endpoint is given to users for ObjectBucket and CephObjectStoreUser connection details. Rook cannot guarantee that this endpoint is perpetually working. Therefore, it is recommend to use only one endpoint even though multiple endpoints can be specified if necessary.
```

> If there are multiple endpoints, please add load balancer in front of them and use the load balancer endpoint in the `externalRgwEndpoints` list.

Reviewer 4: This is true now but will need updated when you finish changes to have Rook perform basic HTTP checks to see if the endpoints are active, right?

Author: WYes thats true, this aligns with current code in Rook

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><ListAllMyBucketsResult xmlns="http://s3.amazonaws.com/doc/2006-03-01/"><Owner><ID>anonymous</ID><DisplayName></DisplayName></Owner><Buckets></Buckets></ListAllMyBucketsResult>
```

> It is also possible to use the internally registered DNS name:

Author: Even I not quite sure, AFAIR the issues happen if the cluster has old OBCs prior to v1.11, since their configmap already has the service endpoint details. @BlaineEXE please confirm

> It is also possible to use the internally registered DNS name:

Reviewer 4: From the code

```
// Before v1.11, Rook created a Service and custom Endpoints that routed to external RGW
// endpoints. This causes problems if the external endpoint has TLS certificates that block
// connections to other endpoints. This also makes it impossible to create an external mode
// CephObjectStore that references another CephObjectStore's Service endpoint in the same
// Kubernetes cluster.

...

// For any legacy users that have an external mode CephObjectStore successfully using
// the Service/Endpoints and who have already created OBCs,we  leave the legacy
// Service/Endpoints in place. We need to update legacy services if the user edits the
// externalRgwEndpoint -- perhaps their RGW node changed IPs.
```
